b2c-support added a Note (#99287)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/force-password-reset.md

> ms.date: 08/04/2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.date: 10/06/2022
```

If you disabled the strong [password complexity](password-complexity.md), update the password policy to [DisableStrongPassword](user-profile-attributes.md#password-policy-attribute):

> Note: After a user reset their password, the passwordPolicies will be changed back to DisablePasswordExpiration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> After the user resets their password, the passwordPolicies will be changed back to DisablePasswordExpiration
```

Reviewer: @tusharka1 See my suggested commit.

Author: Looks good @kengaderdus

Reviewer: @tusharka1 

You can then commit those changes as I can't do it from my end.

Reviewer: @tusharka1 

Looks like you've not seen my suggested commit. Please check it out and address it so that we can sign off your RP.
